images/backgrounds/Randonia2.png
:The kingdom of Randonia was split into 15 major cities and districts of the same name.
:They were Leadia, the capital, along with Crazewell, Angrae, Sadana, Depreford, Intelierde, Tryhardion, Religelet, Condescen, Poetern, Litia, Tradaus, Insulria, Sadistaruz and Impatorde. Besides Leadia, the cities of Randonia are currently under rule of the Alex Legion - a group of revolutionaries under Alex.
BACKGROUND:images/backgrounds/Leadia.png
:Even Leadia is soon to fall under Alex's enormous military support.
BACKGROUND:images/backgrounds/leadiaInori.png
:Alex had been blackmailing the citizens over countless years, avoiding the detection of The Royal Zhou Family.They slowly recruited many great warriors within the army of the royal family, and soon the odds were turned against them in a single surprise attack. Only Leadia was not completely destroyed due to the great Sage Inori, but even she will not hold up much longer.
BACKGROUND:images/backgrounds/village.png
:Now Prince You Zhou and *Player* head towards Hypobrit, a small town in the district of Leadia...
TITLE:Chapter 1 - A Revolution to a Revolution
BACKGROUND:images/backgrounds/forest.jpg
Yoyo:We should be there soon... Ah! Thank goodness! The crew is there!
Franny:Hola Senor You Zhou! And who is this you brought along?
Yoyo:I told you can call me Yoyo. This is *Player*, he saved me from some bandits.
Franny:Pleasure to be of your acquaintance *Player*, and thank you so much for helping Senor You Zhou. I am Francisco Mateos Alarcon IV, a cavalier in training, but you can just call me Francisco Mateos.
Gary:Nah just call him Franny.
Franny:Thanks a lot Gary - I told you not to pass that nickname around!
Gary:*keklol*
Yoyo:Oh yeah, this is Gary. Introduce yourself to *Player*.
Gary:'Sup pleb. I'm Gary - the Wandering Axeman. Thanks for saving this skrub of a prince here.
Albert:Gary how many times must I tell you not to be so rude to our Lord and others?
Gary:Whatevah "Sir" Albert. Did I offend your sophisticated nature or ruin your tea? Or perhaps it's because I insulted your monocle - 
Albert:ENOUGH GARY! Anyway, I am Sir Albert. I am the last of the Zhou family's Royal Elite Knights of Tryhardion. I escaped to Leadia with the Prince, who was staying at Tryhardion for his lessons in the light magics... unfortunately, Leadia was soon on the verge of losing, and The Great Sage Inori begged us to leave... She will probably lose soon...
Gary:Anyone notice how Albert's regiment's abbreviation is "REKT"?
Franny:No one cares Gary.
Gary:No one cares about YOU Franny!
Yoyo:Me?
Albert:No, they do not mean You, prince, they are using a pronoun. MEN! STOP BEING SO RUDE.
Franny:Sorry Sir Albert.
Gary:*keklol*
Yoyo:Oh yeah, I have to introduce you to Henning, our transporter. He holds our important stuff.
Henning:Hi. I'm Henning. Thanks for saving the Prince.
*Player*:...you're welcome.
Albert:Anyway, if we have any hope of defeating the Alex Legion at this point, we have to secure the 8 Divine Forgeries.
*Player*:The 8 Divine Forgeries?
Albert:You're a quiet lad eh? Well it seems the Divine Forgeries interest you. They are weapons used to unite the savage lands into one big nation about 300 years ago by King You Zhou I and his 7 helpers. The weapons are the Sword of Divine Protection - The Singing Sword, the Divine Light tome - Borealibur, the Divine Flame tome - Upperworld Fire, the dark tome of Death's Shadow - Inifite Abyss, the Piercing Spear - Sparken, the Axe of Destruction - Ravager, the Heavenly Blade, Durandal and the Bow of Spirits, Doom Spiraller.
Albert:These weapons were used to defeat all the demons and unite the once savage lands into a great nation for humans. The demons now reside in the Underworld with no way of escape.
Yoyo:We must find these weapons in order to defeat Alex...
*Player*:Why?
Yoyo:He has already summoned a few demons - it will only be a matter of time before he summons the demon king, and then all hope will be lost.
Albert:The weapons are located on the Sacred Isle, which is an isolated Isle West of the mainland...
Mercenary:Hold it right there! King Alex hired us - the Alex Mercs - to defeat you! Surrender now as we have you outnumbered!
Albert:DON'T SURRENDER MEN! FIGHT TO THE DEATH AND PROTECT THE PRINCE!
Yoyo:Albert, I think we should run - 
Franny:We can't - they have us surrounded!
Gary:Welp. Better fight n00bs.
Henning:Sigh... why did I choose this job? what was I thinking back then...
*Player*:...This shouldn't be too hard. Their skill level is low...
Albert:How do you know that?
*Player*:I don't know... just a gut instinct. I think I can think up a plan that will allow us to win...
Gary:Called it. I told you they were n00bs. [Hey you there! Yeah you, playing the game! I can break the fourth wall *kek*. This level is ez-pz just DON'T expose your weaker units. Use the OP Albert to pull away a majority of the enemies - he can pretty much 1 v 20. And remember the weapon triangle - Axes beat Lances, Lances beat Swords, and Swords beat Axes! GL! O yeah you should probably buy some stuff too. Don't forget to visit the villages.]
Franny:Just don't forget Albert, Henning and I cannot go on mountains since we're mounted units. We can also move after doing any action except attacking or healing, since we are mounted, but we'll lose some squares in that turn. Don't worry though, we always get all our moves back the next turn.
*Player*:Good to know.
Albert:Are you sure you can do this lad? You seem like a novice tactician.
Gary:Ya boi. y shud we trust u.[hey u! if u have trouble beating this level, i suggest asking someone you know who is good at fire emblem. even the pleb creator of this game has trouble beating it! And remember, you only lose if Yoyo or *Player* dies! So, you can sacrifice everyone else if you want!]
*Player*:I can't guarantee anything... but something in me has confidence that I can win.
Yoyo:Well you saved me once. I trust you *Player*! Let's fight!